en_us/students/source/SFD_ORA.rst, before:

.. _SFD_ORA:

###########################################
Open Response Assessments
###########################################

In an open response assessment, you provide written responses to questions that
might not have simple or definitive answers. For some open response assessments,
you can submit an image to accompany your written response.

Open response assessments can include a peer assessment, a self assessment, or
both. With a peer assessment, you assess, or grade, responses that several of
your peers have submitted, and several of your peers assess your responses. With
a self assessment, you assess your own responses. To assess a response, you
compare the response to a rubric that the instructor provides.

A *rubric* is a list of expectations that the responses in an open response
assessment should meet. Rubrics are made of *criteria* and *options*. *Criteria*
describe characteristics that each response should have, such as topics the
response should cover. The *options* for each of the criteria describe how well
each response satisfies the criteria. In the following image, you can see a
rubric with two criteria. Each of the criteria has several options.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_Rubric.png
   :alt: Rubric showing criteria and options
   :width: 500

When you assess a response, you select the option that best describes the
response for each of the criteria.

Some instructors create a **Top Responses** section that shows the top-scoring
responses for the assignment and the scores that these responses received. If an
instructor creates this section, you can see it below your score after you
complete each step of the assignment.

************************
Student Instructions
************************

When you come to an open response assessment in the course, you will see the
questions and a response field for each question. After you submit your
responses, you will assess some of your peers' responses, your own responses, or
both, depending on the assignment. You can see the steps that your assignment
includes below each response field.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_AsmtWithResponse.png
   :alt: Open response assessment example with question, response field, and assessment types and status labeled
   :width: 550

Here, we will walk you through the process of completing an open response
assessment that includes a student training step, a peer assessment, and a self
assessment.

#. Submit your responses to the questions.
#. Learn to assess responses.
#. Assess responses that other students have submitted.
#. Assess your own responses to the questions.
#. Receive your score and provide feedback on the peer assessment.

At any time during the assessment, you can see your progress through the
assignment at the bottom of the page under **Your Grade**. A message tells you
the steps that you still have to perform before you can receive your grade. For
example, you might see the following message:

.. code-block:: xml

  Not Completed
  You have not completed the peer assessment step and self assessment step of this problem.

=====================
Submit Your Response
=====================

Read each question carefully. Some instructors include important information in
the question, such as how long a response must be, or specific topics your
response must cover.

.. note:: Your response must contain fewer than 10,000 words (approximately the
   equivalent of 20 pages of 8.5x11 paper, with text single-spaced).

..does this limit change with multiple short answers?

For each question, type your response into the field under **Your Response**.
When you have completed responses for all the questions, click **Submit your
response and move to the next step**. If you don't want to finish your response
all at once, you can click **Save Your Progress** to save a draft of your
responses, and then come back and submit them later.

After you submit your responses, if other students have already submitted
responses, the peer assessment step starts immediately. However, you don't have
to start grading right away. If you want to stop working and come back later,
just refresh or reopen your browser when you come back. New peer responses will
be available for you to grade.

If no other students have submitted responses yet, you see the following
message.

.. code-block:: xml

  Waiting for Peer Responses
  All submitted peer responses have been assessed. Check back later to see if more students
  have submitted responses. You'll receive your grade after you complete the peer assessment
  and self assessment steps, and after your peers have assessed your response.

Note that you can view your own responses at any time after you submit them. To
do this, for the response you want to view, click the **Your Response** heading
to expand the response field. You'll see your response, the status of your
response, and information about additional steps you have to complete before you
receive your grade.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_ReviewResponse.png
   :alt: Image of the Response field collapsed and then expanded
   :width: 500


Submit an Image with Your Response
***********************************

Some assignments ask you to submit an image with your text response. If you can
submit an image, you'll see buttons that you'll use to upload your image.

.. image:: /Images/PA_Upload_ChooseFile.png 
   :alt: Open response assessment example with Choose File and Upload Your Image buttons circled
   :width: 500

To upload your image, complete these steps.

#. Click **Choose File**.
#. In the dialog box that opens, select the file that you want, and then click **Open**.
#. When the dialog box closes, click **Upload Your Image**.

.. note:: The image file must be a .jpg or .png file, and it must be smaller than 5 MB in size.

Your image appears below the response field, and the name of the image file
appears next to the **Choose File** button. If you want to change the image,
follow steps 1-3 again. You can only upload one image.

.. image:: /Images/PA_Upload_WithImage.png
   :alt: Example response with an image of Paris
   :width: 500

.. note:: You must submit text as well as your image in your response. You can't submit a response that doesn't contain text.

============================
Learn to Assess Responses
============================

In this step, you will learn to assess responses effectively by reviewing and
assessing sample responses that the instructor has provided. You will try to
select the same options for the response as the instructor selected.

.. note:: Not all instructors provide sample responses for training. If the
   instructor did provide sample responses, this step does not appear in the
   assignment.

After you submit your response, one of the sample responses opens, together with
the rubric for the assignment. Read the sample response and the rubric
carefully, select the options that you think best reflect the response, and then
click **Compare your selections with the instructor's selections**.

* If all of your selections are the same as the instructor's selections, the
  next sample response opens automatically.

* If any option that you select is not the same as the instructor's selection,
  you see the response again, and the following message appears above the
  response.

.. code-block:: xml

  Learning to Assess Responses
  Your assessment differs from the instructor's assessment of this response. Review the
  response and consider why the instructor may have assessed it differently. Then, try 
  the assessment again.

For each of the criteria, you see one of the following two messages, depending
on whether your selections matched those of the instructor.

.. code-block:: xml

  Selected Options Agree
  The option you selected is the option that the instructor selected.

.. code-block:: xml

  Selected Options Differ
  The option you selected is not the option that the instructor selected.

In the following example, the student chose one correct option and one incorrect
option.

.. image:: /Images/PA_TrainingAssessment_Scored.png
   :alt: Sample training response, scored
   :width: 500

You continue to assess the sample response until the options you select for all
criteria match the options that the instructor selected.

When you have successfully assessed all of the sample responses, you move to the
next step in the assignment.

=====================
Assess Peer Responses
=====================

When the peer assessment step starts, you see each original question, another
student's responses, and the rubric for the assignment. Above the responses you
can see how many responses you are expected to assess and how many you have
already assessed.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_PeerAssmt.png
   :alt: In-progress peer assessment
   :width: 500

You assess other students' responses by selecting options in the rubric, in the
same way you assessed the sample responses in the "learn to assess responses"
step. Additionally, this step has a field below the rubric where you can provide
comments about the student's responses.

.. note:: Some assessments have an additional **Comments** field for one or more
   of the assessment's individual criteria. You can enter up to 300 characters
   in these fields. In the following image, both criteria have a **Comments**
   field. There is also a field for overall comments on the response.

    .. image:: /Images/PA_CriterionAndOverallComments.png
       :alt: Rubric with comment fields under each criterion and under overall response
       :width: 600

After you have selected options in the rubric and provided additional comments
about the responses, click **Submit your assessment and move to response
#<number>**.

When you submit your assessment of the first student's responses, another set of
responses opens for you. Assess these responses in the same way that you
assessed the first student's responses, and then submit your assessment. You
will repeat these steps until you have assessed the required number of
responses. The number in the upper-right corner of the step is updated as you
assess each set of responses.

Assess Additional Peer Responses
********************************

You can assess more peer responses if you want to. After you assess the required
number of responses, the step "collapses" so that only the **Assess Peers**
heading is visible.

.. image:: /Images/PA_PAHeadingCollapsed.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: The peer assessment step with just the heading visible

To assess more responses, click the **Assess Peers** heading to expand the step,
then click **Continue Assessing Peers**.

.. image:: /Images/PA_ContinueGrading.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: The peer assessment step expanded so that "Continue Assessing Peers" is visible


=====================
Assess Your Response
=====================

When you have completed the required number of peer assessments, your self
assessment opens. You see your responses along with the same rubric that you
used in the peer assessment step. Assess your responses, then click **Submit
Your Assessment**.

==========================================
Receive Your Score and Provide Feedback
==========================================

After you submit your self assessment, if other students are still assessing
your responses, you see the following message under the **Assess Your Response**
step.

.. code-block:: xml

  Your Grade: Waiting for Peer Assessment

  Your response is still undergoing peer assessment. After your peers have assessed your
  response, you'll see their feedback and receive your final grade.

If you see this message, keep checking back periodically until the peer
assessments of your work are complete.

When peer assessment is complete, you can see the scores you received from all
of your peers, as well as your self assessment. You can also see any additional
comments that your peers have provided.

.. image:: /Images/PA_AllScores.png
   :alt: A student's response with peer and self assessment scores
   :width: 550

If you want to, you can provide feedback on the scores that you received under **Provide Feedback on Peer Assessments**.

=================================================
Assess Additional Peer Responses (optional)
=================================================

If you have assessed the required number of peer responses and completed your
self assessment, you can assess additional peer responses. To do this, click the
**Assess Peers** heading. If any responses remain to be assessed, a new response
opens.

***********************
Peer Assessment Scoring
***********************

Peer assessments are scored by criteria. An individual criterion's score is the
*median*, not average, of the scores that each peer assessor gave that
criterion. For example, if the Ideas criterion in a peer assessment receives a
10 from one student, a 7 from a second student, and an 8 from a third student,
the Ideas criterion's score is 8.

Your final score for a peer assessment is the sum of the median scores for each individual criterion. 

For example, a response might receive the following scores from peer assessors.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 10 10 10 10
   :stub-columns: 1
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Criterion Name
     - Peer 1
     - Peer 2
     - Peer 3
     - Median
   * - Ideas (out of 10)
     - 10
     - 7
     - 8
     - **8**
   * - Content (out of 10)
     - 7
     - 9
     - 8
     - **8**
   * - Grammar (out of 5)
     - 4
     - 4
     - 5
     - **4**

To calculate the final score, the system adds the median scores for each criterion:

  **Ideas median (8/10) + Content median (8/10) + Grammar median (4/5) = final score (20/25)**

Note, again, that your final score is not the median of the scores that each individual peer assessor gave the response.

==================================
View Top Responses (optional)
==================================

If the instructor has included a **Top Responses** section, you can see the
highest-scoring responses that your peers have submitted. This section only
appears after you have completed all the steps of the assignment.

.. image:: /Images/PA_TopResponses.png
   :alt: Section that shows the text and scores of the top three responses for the assignment
   :width: 500


******************************************************
Try an Example Open Response Assessment Problem
******************************************************

If you want to try an example open response assessment problem, check out the
edX demonstration course, `DemoX <https://www.edx.org/course/edx/edx-
demox-1-demox-4116#.VBxWCLZ8GoV>`_. In addition to giving you a tour of a
typical edX course, DemoX contains `information about open response assessments 
<https://courses.edx.org/courses/edX/DemoX.1/2014/courseware/70a1e3505d83411bb72
393048ac4afd8/1e5cd9f233a2453f83731ccbd863b731/>`_ and an `example peer
assessment <https://courses.edx.org/courses/edX/DemoX.1/2014/courseware/70a1e350
5d83411bb72393048ac4afd8/1e5cd9f233a2453f83731ccbd863b731/2>`_.

Commit message:

Change doc to reflect one image per response decision

en_us/students/source/SFD_ORA.rst, after:

.. _SFD_ORA:

###########################################
Open Response Assessments
###########################################

In an open response assessment, you provide written responses to questions that
might not have simple or definitive answers. For some open response assessments,
you can submit an image to accompany a written response.

Open response assessments can include a peer assessment, a self assessment, or
both. With a peer assessment, you assess, or grade, responses that several of
your peers have submitted, and several of your peers assess your responses. With
a self assessment, you assess your own responses. To assess a response, you
compare the response to a rubric that the instructor provides.

A *rubric* is a list of expectations that the responses in an open response
assessment should meet. Rubrics are made of *criteria* and *options*. *Criteria*
describe characteristics that each response should have, such as topics the
response should cover. The *options* for each of the criteria describe how well
each response satisfies the criteria. In the following image, you can see a
rubric with two criteria. Each of the criteria has several options.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_Rubric.png
   :alt: Rubric showing criteria and options
   :width: 500

When you assess a response, you select the option that best describes the
response for each of the criteria.

Some instructors create a **Top Responses** section that shows the top-scoring
responses for the assignment and the scores that these responses received. If an
instructor creates this section, you can see it below your score after you
complete each step of the assignment.

************************
Student Instructions
************************

When you come to an open response assessment in the course, you will see the
questions and a response field for each question. After you submit your
responses, you will assess some of your peers' responses, your own responses, or
both, depending on the assignment. You can see the steps that your assignment
includes below each response field.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_AsmtWithResponse.png
   :alt: Open response assessment example with question, response field, and assessment types and status labeled
   :width: 550

Here, we will walk you through the process of completing an open response
assessment that includes a student training step, a peer assessment, and a self
assessment.

#. Submit your responses to the questions.
#. Learn to assess responses.
#. Assess responses that other students have submitted.
#. Assess your own responses to the questions.
#. Receive your score and provide feedback on the peer assessment.

At any time during the assessment, you can see your progress through the
assignment at the bottom of the page under **Your Grade**. A message tells you
the steps that you still have to perform before you can receive your grade. For
example, you might see the following message:

.. code-block:: xml

  Not Completed
  You have not completed the peer assessment step and self assessment step of this problem.

=====================
Submit Your Response
=====================

Read each question carefully. Some instructors include important information in
the question, such as how long a response must be, or specific topics your
response must cover.

.. note:: The total word count for all responses within the assessment cannot be
   more than 10,000 words (approximately the equivalent of 20 pages of 8.5x11
   paper, with text single-spaced).

For each question, type your response into the field under **Your Response**.
When you have completed responses for all the questions, click **Submit your
response and move to the next step**. If you don't want to finish your response
all at once, you can click **Save Your Progress** to save a draft of your
responses, and then come back and submit them later.

After you submit your responses, if other students have already submitted
responses, the peer assessment step starts immediately. However, you don't have
to start grading right away. If you want to stop working and come back later,
just refresh or reopen your browser when you come back. New peer responses will
be available for you to grade.

If no other students have submitted responses yet, you see the following
message.

.. code-block:: xml

  Waiting for Peer Responses
  All submitted peer responses have been assessed. Check back later to see if more students
  have submitted responses. You'll receive your grade after you complete the peer assessment
  and self assessment steps, and after your peers have assessed your response.

Note that you can view your own responses at any time after you submit them. To
do this, for the response you want to view, click the **Your Response** heading
to expand the response field. You'll see your response, the status of your
response, and information about additional steps you have to complete before you
receive your grade.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_ReviewResponse.png
   :alt: Image of the Response field collapsed and then expanded
   :width: 500


Submit an Image with Your Response
***********************************

Some assignments ask you to submit an image with your text response. If you can
submit an image, you will see buttons that you use to upload your image. You can
only upload one image in each response, and your response must include some text
along with the image. You cannot submit a response that does not contain any
text.

.. note:: The image file must be a .jpg or .png file, and it must be smaller than 5 MB in size.

.. image:: /Images/PA_Upload_ChooseFile.png 
   :alt: Open response assessment example with Choose File and Upload Your Image buttons circled
   :width: 500

To upload your image, complete these steps.

#. Click **Choose File**.
#. In the dialog box that opens, select the file that you want, and then click **Open**.
#. When the dialog box closes, click **Upload Your Image**.

Your image appears below the response field, and the name of the image file
appears next to the **Choose File** button. If you want to change the image,
follow steps 1-3 again. You can only upload one image per response.

.. image:: /Images/PA_Upload_WithImage.png
   :alt: Example response with an image of Paris
   :width: 500


============================
Learn to Assess Responses
============================

In this step, you will learn to assess responses effectively by reviewing and
assessing sample responses that the instructor has provided. You will try to
select the same options for the response as the instructor selected.

.. note:: Not all instructors provide sample responses for training. If the
   instructor did provide sample responses, this step does not appear in the
   assignment.

After you submit your response, one of the sample responses opens, together with
the rubric for the assignment. Read the sample response and the rubric
carefully, select the options that you think best reflect the response, and then
click **Compare your selections with the instructor's selections**.

* If all of your selections are the same as the instructor's selections, the
  next sample response opens automatically.

* If any option that you select is not the same as the instructor's selection,
  you see the response again, and the following message appears above the
  response.

.. code-block:: xml

  Learning to Assess Responses
  Your assessment differs from the instructor's assessment of this response. Review the
  response and consider why the instructor may have assessed it differently. Then, try 
  the assessment again.

For each of the criteria, you see one of the following two messages, depending
on whether your selections matched those of the instructor.

.. code-block:: xml

  Selected Options Agree
  The option you selected is the option that the instructor selected.

.. code-block:: xml

  Selected Options Differ
  The option you selected is not the option that the instructor selected.

In the following example, the student chose one correct option and one incorrect
option.

.. image:: /Images/PA_TrainingAssessment_Scored.png
   :alt: Sample training response, scored
   :width: 500

You continue to assess the sample response until the options you select for all
criteria match the options that the instructor selected.

When you have successfully assessed all of the sample responses, you move to the
next step in the assignment.

=====================
Assess Peer Responses
=====================

When the peer assessment step starts, you see each original question, another
student's responses, and the rubric for the assignment. Above the responses you
can see how many responses you are expected to assess and how many you have
already assessed.

.. image:: /Images/PA_S_PeerAssmt.png
   :alt: In-progress peer assessment
   :width: 500

You assess other students' responses by selecting options in the rubric, in the
same way you assessed the sample responses in the "learn to assess responses"
step. Additionally, this step has a field below the rubric where you can provide
comments about the student's responses.

.. note:: Some assessments have an additional **Comments** field for one or more
   of the assessment's individual criteria. You can enter up to 300 characters
   in these fields. In the following image, both criteria have a **Comments**
   field. There is also a field for overall comments on the response.

    .. image:: /Images/PA_CriterionAndOverallComments.png
       :alt: Rubric with comment fields under each criterion and under overall response
       :width: 600

After you have selected options in the rubric and provided additional comments
about the responses, click **Submit your assessment and move to response
#<number>**.

When you submit your assessment of the first student's responses, another set of
responses opens for you. Assess these responses in the same way that you
assessed the first student's responses, and then submit your assessment. You
will repeat these steps until you have assessed the required number of
responses. The number in the upper-right corner of the step is updated as you
assess each set of responses.

Assess Additional Peer Responses
********************************

You can assess more peer responses if you want to. After you assess the required
number of responses, the step "collapses" so that only the **Assess Peers**
heading is visible.

.. image:: /Images/PA_PAHeadingCollapsed.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: The peer assessment step with just the heading visible

To assess more responses, click the **Assess Peers** heading to expand the step,
then click **Continue Assessing Peers**.

.. image:: /Images/PA_ContinueGrading.png
   :width: 500
   :alt: The peer assessment step expanded so that "Continue Assessing Peers" is visible


=====================
Assess Your Response
=====================

When you have completed the required number of peer assessments, your self
assessment opens. You see your responses along with the same rubric that you
used in the peer assessment step. Assess your responses, then click **Submit
Your Assessment**.

==========================================
Receive Your Score and Provide Feedback
==========================================

After you submit your self assessment, if other students are still assessing
your responses, you see the following message under the **Assess Your Response**
step.

.. code-block:: xml

  Your Grade: Waiting for Peer Assessment

  Your response is still undergoing peer assessment. After your peers have assessed your
  response, you'll see their feedback and receive your final grade.

If you see this message, keep checking back periodically until the peer
assessments of your work are complete.

When peer assessment is complete, you can see the scores you received from all
of your peers, as well as your self assessment. You can also see any additional
comments that your peers have provided.

.. image:: /Images/PA_AllScores.png
   :alt: A student's response with peer and self assessment scores
   :width: 550

If you want to, you can provide feedback on the scores that you received under **Provide Feedback on Peer Assessments**.

=================================================
Assess Additional Peer Responses (optional)
=================================================

If you have assessed the required number of peer responses and completed your
self assessment, you can assess additional peer responses. To do this, click the
**Assess Peers** heading. If any responses remain to be assessed, a new response
opens.

***********************
Peer Assessment Scoring
***********************

Peer assessments are scored by criteria. An individual criterion's score is the
*median*, not average, of the scores that each peer assessor gave that
criterion. For example, if the Ideas criterion in a peer assessment receives a
10 from one student, a 7 from a second student, and an 8 from a third student,
the Ideas criterion's score is 8.

Your final score for a peer assessment is the sum of the median scores for each individual criterion. 

For example, a response might receive the following scores from peer assessors.

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 10 10 10 10
   :stub-columns: 1
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Criterion Name
     - Peer 1
     - Peer 2
     - Peer 3
     - Median
   * - Ideas (out of 10)
     - 10
     - 7
     - 8
     - **8**
   * - Content (out of 10)
     - 7
     - 9
     - 8
     - **8**
   * - Grammar (out of 5)
     - 4
     - 4
     - 5
     - **4**

To calculate the final score, the system adds the median scores for each criterion:

  **Ideas median (8/10) + Content median (8/10) + Grammar median (4/5) = final score (20/25)**

Note, again, that your final score is not the median of the scores that each individual peer assessor gave the response.

==================================
View Top Responses (optional)
==================================

If the instructor has included a **Top Responses** section, you can see the
highest-scoring responses that your peers have submitted. This section only
appears after you have completed all the steps of the assignment.

.. image:: /Images/PA_TopResponses.png
   :alt: Section that shows the text and scores of the top three responses for the assignment
   :width: 500


******************************************************
Try an Example Open Response Assessment Problem
******************************************************

If you want to try an example open response assessment problem, check out the
edX demonstration course, `DemoX <https://www.edx.org/course/edx/edx-
demox-1-demox-4116#.VBxWCLZ8GoV>`_. In addition to giving you a tour of a
typical edX course, DemoX contains `information about open response assessments 
<https://courses.edx.org/courses/edX/DemoX.1/2014/courseware/70a1e3505d83411bb72
393048ac4afd8/1e5cd9f233a2453f83731ccbd863b731/>`_ and an `example peer
assessment <https://courses.edx.org/courses/edX/DemoX.1/2014/courseware/70a1e350
5d83411bb72393048ac4afd8/1e5cd9f233a2453f83731ccbd863b731/2>`_.
