en_us/shared/building_and_running_chapters/developing_course/workflow.rst, before:

.. _Getting Started with Course Content Development:

###############################################
Getting Started with Course Content Development
###############################################

When you are done :ref:`setting up your course<Setting up your Course Index>`,
you are ready to build your course content.

This chapter provides an outline of the steps involved in developing your
course content, with links to more details. See:

* `Understanding Course Building Blocks`_
* `Creating New Course Content`_
* `Making Course Content Visible to Students`_
* `Revising Content`_

.. _Understanding Course Building Blocks:

************************************************
Understanding Course Building Blocks
************************************************

Before you begin, you should understand the building blocks of an edX course.

* :ref:`The course outline<Developing Your Course Outline>` is the container
  for all of your course content. The outline contains one or more sections.
* :ref:`Course sections<Developing Course Sections>` are at the top level of
  your course and typically represent a time period. A section contains one or
  more subsections.
* :ref:`Course subsections<Developing Course Subsections>` are parts of a
  section, and usually represent a topic or other organizing principle. A
  subsection contains one or more units.
* :ref:`Course units <Developing Course Units>` are lessons in a subsection
  that students view as single pages. A unit contains one or more components.
* :ref:`Course components<Developing Course Components>` are objects within
  units that contain your actual course content.

.. _Creating New Course Content:

****************************************
Creating New Course Content
****************************************

Once you understand the way edX courses are structured, you can start
organizing your content and entering it into Studio. 

You create :ref:`sections<Create a Section>`, :ref:`subsections<Create a
Subsection>`, and :ref:`units<Create a Unit>` in the :ref:`course
outline<Developing Your Course Outline>`. 

For graded subsections, you also
:ref:`set the assignment type and due date<Set the Assignment Type and Due Date
for a Subsection>`. 

You :ref:`create components<Add a Component>` in the unit
page.

In addition, you :ref:`control content visibility<Controlling Content
Visibility>` by setting release dates on the outline and publishing units.

The following diagram summarizes the content creation workflow:

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/workflow-create-content.png
 :alt: Diagram of the content creation process

It is recommended that you :ref:`test course content <Testing Your Course
Content>` throughout the creation process.

.. _Making Course Content Visible to Students:

******************************************************
Making Course Content Visible to Students
******************************************************

When you create your content, you'll also specify if and when students will be
able to see it. Content visibility depends on several factors: 

* The :ref:`course start date<The Course Start Date>`
* The release dates of the :ref:`section<Set a Section Release Date>` and
  :ref:`subsection<Set a Subsection Release Date>`
* The :ref:`publishing status<Hide a Unit from Students>` of the unit
* The :ref:`Hide content from students<Hide a Unit from Students>` setting
* The use of :ref:`Content Groups`
  
For more information, see :ref:`Controlling Content Visibility`.

.. _Revising Content:

****************************
Revising Content
****************************

You can revise your course content at any time. 

* When you :ref:`reorganize sections, subsections, and units<Reorganize the
  Course Outline>` in the outline, the new order is immediately visible to
  students if the section and subsection are released.

* When you :ref:`edit a unit<Edit a Unit>`, or :ref:`components<Add a
  Component>` within a unit, you must :ref:`publish<Publish a Unit>` those
  changes to make them visible to students.

The following diagram summarizes the content revision workflow and content
visibility:

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/workflow-revise-content.png
 :alt: Diagram of the content creation process

It is recommended that you :ref:`test course content <Testing Your Course
Content>` during the revision process.

Commit message:

Add information about course search to course author and student docs

en_us/shared/building_and_running_chapters/developing_course/workflow.rst, after:

.. _Getting Started with Course Content Development:

###############################################
Getting Started with Course Content Development
###############################################

When you are done :ref:`setting up your course<Setting up your Course Index>`,
you are ready to build your course content.

This chapter provides an outline of the steps involved in developing your
course content, with links to more details. See:

* `Understanding Course Building Blocks`_
* `Creating New Course Content`_
* `Making Course Content Visible to Students`_
* `Revising Content`_

.. _Understanding Course Building Blocks:

************************************************
Understanding Course Building Blocks
************************************************

Before you begin, you should understand the building blocks of an edX course.

* :ref:`The course outline<Developing Your Course Outline>` is the container
  for all of your course content. The outline contains one or more sections.
* :ref:`Course sections<Developing Course Sections>` are at the top level of
  your course and typically represent a time period. A section contains one or
  more subsections.
* :ref:`Course subsections<Developing Course Subsections>` are parts of a
  section, and usually represent a topic or other organizing principle. A
  subsection contains one or more units.
* :ref:`Course units <Developing Course Units>` are lessons in a subsection
  that students view as single pages. A unit contains one or more components.
* :ref:`Course components<Developing Course Components>` are objects within
  units that contain your actual course content.

.. _Creating New Course Content:

****************************************
Creating New Course Content
****************************************

Once you understand the way edX courses are structured, you can start
organizing your content and entering it into Studio. 

You create :ref:`sections<Create a Section>`, :ref:`subsections<Create a
Subsection>`, and :ref:`units<Create a Unit>` in the :ref:`course
outline<Developing Your Course Outline>`. 

For graded subsections, you also
:ref:`set the assignment type and due date<Set the Assignment Type and Due Date
for a Subsection>`. 

You :ref:`create components<Add a Component>` in the unit
page.

In addition, you :ref:`control content visibility<Controlling Content
Visibility>` by setting release dates on the outline and publishing units.

The following diagram summarizes the content creation workflow:

.. image:: ../Images/workflow-create-content.png
 :alt: Diagram of the content creation process

It is recommended that you :ref:`test course content <Testing Your Course
Content>` throughout the creation process.

.. _Making Course Content Visible to Students:

******************************************************
Making Course Content Visible to Students
******************************************************

When you create your content, you'll also specify if and when students will be
able to see it. Content visibility depends on several factors: 

* The :ref:`course start date<The Course Start Date>`
* The release dates of the :ref:`section<Set a Section Release Date>` and
  :ref:`subsection<Set a Subsection Release Date>`
* The :ref:`publishing status<Hide a Unit from Students>` of the unit
* The :ref:`Hide content from students<Hide a Unit from Students>` setting
* The use of :ref:`Content Groups`
  
For more information, see :ref:`Controlling Content Visibility`.

.. _Making Course Content Searchable:

***********************************
Making Course Content Searchable
***********************************

Learners can search course text in :ref:`HTML components<Working with HTML
Components>` and video transcripts by using the **Search** box in the upper-left
corner of the **Courseware** tab. 

Before learners can search your course, Studio must index the content. Studio
indexes all new course content automatically when you :ref:`publish<Publish a
Unit>` the content. 

If necessary, you can manually reindex all of the content in your course at any
time. Typically, you would only manually reindex your course content if learners
see unexpected search results. To reindex your course content, select **Reindex
Content** in the upper-right corner of the **Course Outline** page. Reindexing
usually takes less than 30 seconds.

.. _Revising Content:

****************************
Revising Content
****************************

You can revise your course content at any time. 

* When you :ref:`reorganize sections, subsections, and units<Reorganize the
  Course Outline>` in the outline, the new order is immediately visible to
  students if the section and subsection are released.

* When you :ref:`edit a unit<Edit a Unit>`, or :ref:`components<Add a
  Component>` within a unit, you must :ref:`publish<Publish a Unit>` those
  changes to make them visible to students.

The following diagram summarizes the content revision workflow and content
visibility:

.. image:: ../Images/workflow-revise-content.png
 :alt: Diagram of the content creation process

It is recommended that you :ref:`test course content <Testing Your Course
Content>` during the revision process.
