en_us/shared/exercises_tools/create_exercises_and_tools.rst, before:

.. _Create Exercises:

############################
Creating Exercises and Tools
############################

************************************
Introduction to Exercises and Tools
************************************

Studio allows you to create a wide variety of exercises and tools for your
course. Many of these exercises and tools have templates in Studio so that you
can create them easily. In addition, individual course teams frequently create
exercises that don't have templates in Studio. We're striving to make these
tools available to all our course teams as well, and we have instructions for
creating some of them in this section.

Depending on the exercise or tool, you'll use an HTML, Problem, or Advanced
component. The page for each individual exercise or tool contains an example of
each exercise or tool, together with all the files, code, and step-by-step
instructions that you need to create the exercise or tool.

.. note:: 
  Problems must include labels for accessibility. The label generally includes
  the text of the main question in your problem. Instructions for adding labels
  appear in the page for each individual problem.

****************************
General Exercises and Tools
****************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 25 50

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/AnnotationExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example annotation problem
     - :ref:`Annotation`
     - Annotation problems ask students to respond to questions about a
       specific block of text. The question appears above the text when the
       student hovers the mouse over the highlighted text so that students can
       think about the question as they read.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PollExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example poll
     - :ref:`Conditional Module`
     -  You can create a conditional module to control versions of content that
        groups of students see. For example, students who answer "Yes" to a
        poll question then see a different block of text from the students who
        answer "No" to that question.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/JavaScriptInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example JavaScript problem
     - :ref:`Custom JavaScript`
     - Custom JavaScript display and grading problems (also called *custom
       JavaScript problems* or *JS Input problems*) allow you to create a
       custom problem or tool that uses JavaScript and then add the problem or
       tool directly into Studio.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/external-grader-correct.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example external grader
     - :ref:`External Grader`
     - An external grader is a service that receives student responses to a
       problem, processes those responses, and returns feedback and a problem
       grade to the edX platform. You build and deploy an external grader
       separately from the edX platform. An external grader is particularly
       useful for software programming courses where students are asked to
       submit complex code.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/google-calendar.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Calendar
     - :ref:`Google Calendar Tool`
     - You can embed a Google calendar in your course so that students see the
       calendar in the courseware. You can use a Google calendar to share quiz
       dates, office hours, or other schedules of interest to students.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/google-spreadsheet.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Drive Files Tool
     - :ref:`Google Drive Files Tool`
     - You can embed a Google Drive file, such as a document, spreadsheet, or
       image, in your course so that students see the file in the courseware.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/GoogleHangout_WithPeople.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Hangout
     - :ref:`Google Instant Hangout`
     - You can add the ability for students to participate in instant hangouts
       directly from your course. With instant hangouts, students can interact
       through live video and voice, share screens and watch videos together,
       and collaborate on documents.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/IFrame_1.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example IFrame tool
     - :ref:`IFrame`
     - IFrames allow you to integrate ungraded exercises and tools from any
       Internet site into an HTML component in your course.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/LTIExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example LTI component
     - :ref:`LTI Component`
     - LTI components allow you to add an external learning application or non-PDF textbook to Studio.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PA_QandRField.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example open response assessment
     - :ref:`Open Response Assessments 2`
     - In open response assessments, students receive feedback on written
       responses of varying lengths as well as image files that the students
       upload. Open response assessments include self assessment and peer
       assessment.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PollExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example poll
     - :ref:`Poll`
     - You can run polls in your course so that your students can share
       opinions on different questions.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProblemWithAdaptiveHintExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example problem with adaptive hint
     - :ref:`Problem with Adaptive Hint`
     - A problem with an adaptive hint evaluates a student's response, then
       gives the student feedback or a hint based on that response so that the
       student is more likely to answer correctly on the next attempt. These
       problems can be text input or multiple choice problems.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProblemWrittenInLaTeX.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example problem written in LaTeX
     - :ref:`Problem Written in LaTeX`
     - If you have an problem that is already written in LaTeX, you can use
       this problem type to easily convert your code into XML.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/TextInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example text input problem
     - :ref:`Text Input`
     - In text input problems, students enter text into a response field. The
       response can include numbers, letters, and special characters such as
       punctuation marks.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/WordCloudExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example word cloud
     - :ref:`Word Cloud`
     - Word clouds arrange text that students enter - for example, in response
       to a question - into a colorful graphic that students can see.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CustomPythonExample.png  
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example write-your-own-grader problem
     - :ref:`Write Your Own Grader`
     - In custom Python-evaluated input (also called "write-your-own-grader")
       problems, the grader uses a Python script that you create and embed in
       the problem to evaluates a student's response or provide hints. These
       problems can be any type.


********************************
Image-Based Exercises and Tools
********************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/DragAndDropProblem.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example drag and drop problem
     - :ref:`Drag and Drop`
     - In drag and drop problems, students respond to a question by dragging
       text or objects to a specific location on an image.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/image-modal.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example full screen image tool
     - :ref:`Full Screen Image`
     - The Full Screen Image tool allows a student to enlarge an image in the
       whole browser window. This is useful when the image contains a large
       amount of detail and text that is easier to view in context when
       enlarged.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ImageMappedInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example image mapped input problem
     - :ref:`Image Mapped Input`
     - In an image mapped input problem, students click inside a defined area
       in an image. You define this area by including coordinates in the body
       of the problem.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Zooming_Image.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example zooming image tool
     - :ref:`Zooming Image`
     - Zooming images allow you to enlarge sections of an image so that
       students can see the section in detail.

************************************
Multiple Choice Exercises and Tools
************************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CheckboxExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example checkbox problem
     - :ref:`Checkbox`
     - In checkbox problems, the student selects one or more options from a
       list of possible answers. The student must select all the options that
       apply to answer the problem correctly.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/DropdownExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example dropdown problem
     - :ref:`Dropdown`
     - Dropdown problems allow the student to choose from a collection of
       answer options, presented as a dropdown list. Unlike multiple choice
       problems, whose answers are always visible directly below the question,
       dropdown problems don't show answer choices until the student clicks the
       dropdown arrow.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MultipleChoiceExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example multiple choice problem
     - :ref:`Multiple Choice`
     - In multiple choice problems, students select one option from a list of
       answer options. Unlike with dropdown problems, whose answer choices
       don't appear until the student clicks the drop-down arrow, answer
       choices for multiple choice problems are always visible directly below
       the question.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MultipleChoice_NumericalInput.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example multiple choice and numerical input problem
     - :ref:`Multiple Choice and Numerical Input`
     - You can create a problem that combines a multiple choice and numerical
       input problems. Students not only select a response from options that
       you provide, but also provide more specific information, if necessary.

********************************
STEM Exercises and Tools
********************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ChemicalEquationExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example chemical equation problem
     - :ref:`Chemical Equation`
     - Chemical equation problems allow the student to enter text that
       represents a chemical equation into a text box. The grader evaluates the
       student's response by using a Python script that you create and embed in
       the problem.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CircuitSchematicExample_short.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example circuit schematic builder problem
     - :ref:`Circuit Schematic Builder`
     - In circuit schematic builder problems, students can arrange circuit
       elements such as voltage sources, capacitors, resistors, and MOSFETs on
       an interactive grid. They then submit a DC, AC, or transient analysis of
       their circuit to the system for grading.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/GeneExplorer.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example gene explorer problem
     - :ref:`Gene Explorer`
     - The Gene Explorer (GeneX) simulates the transcription, splicing,
       processing, and translation of a small hypothetical eukaryotic gene.
       GeneX allows students to make specific mutations in a gene sequence, and
       it then calculates and displays the effects of the mutations on the mRNA
       and protein.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MathExpressionInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example math expression input problem
     - :ref:`Math Expression Input`
     - The more complex of Studio's two types of math problems. In math
       expression input problems, students enter mathematical expressions to
       answer a question. These problems can include unknown variables and more
       complex symbolic expressions. You can specify a correct answer either
       explicitly or by using a Python script.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Molecule_Editor.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example molecule editor problem
     - :ref:`Molecule Editor`
     - The molecule editor allows students to draw molecules that follow the
       rules for covalent bond formation and formal charge, even if the
       molecules are chemically impossible, are unstable, or do not exist in
       living systems.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MoleculeViewer.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example molecule viewer tool
     - :ref:`Molecule Viewer`
     - The molecule viewer allows you to create three-dimensional representations of molecules for students to view.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/image292.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example numerical input problem
     - :ref:`Numerical Input`
     - The simpler of Studio's two types of math problems. In numerical input
       problems, students enter numbers or specific and relatively simple
       mathematical expressions to answer a question. These problems only allow
       integers and a few select constants. You can specify a margin of error,
       and you can specify a correct answer either explicitly or by using a
       Python script.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Periodic_Table.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example periodic table problem
     - :ref:`Periodic Table`
     - An interactive periodic table of the elements shows detailed information
       about each element as the student moves the mouse over the element.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProteinBuilder.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example protein builder problem
     - :ref:`Protein Builder`
     - The Protex protein builder asks students to create specified protein
       shapes by stringing together amino acids.

Commit message:

Add Student Notes feature info to student and course author docs

en_us/shared/exercises_tools/create_exercises_and_tools.rst, after:

.. _Create Exercises:

############################
Creating Exercises and Tools
############################

************************************
Introduction to Exercises and Tools
************************************

Studio allows you to create a wide variety of exercises and tools for your
course. Many of these exercises and tools have templates in Studio so that you
can create them easily. In addition, individual course teams frequently create
exercises that don't have templates in Studio. We're striving to make these
tools available to all our course teams as well, and we have instructions for
creating some of them in this section.

Depending on the exercise or tool, you'll use an HTML, Problem, or Advanced
component. The page for each individual exercise or tool contains an example of
each exercise or tool, together with all the files, code, and step-by-step
instructions that you need to create the exercise or tool.

.. note:: 
  Problems must include labels for accessibility. The label generally includes
  the text of the main question in your problem. Instructions for adding labels
  appear in the page for each individual problem.

****************************
General Exercises and Tools
****************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 25 25 50

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/AnnotationExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example annotation problem
     - :ref:`Annotation`
     - Annotation problems ask students to respond to questions about a
       specific block of text. The question appears above the text when the
       student hovers the mouse over the highlighted text so that students can
       think about the question as they read.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PollExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example poll
     - :ref:`Conditional Module`
     -  You can create a conditional module to control versions of content that
        groups of students see. For example, students who answer "Yes" to a
        poll question then see a different block of text from the students who
        answer "No" to that question.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/JavaScriptInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example JavaScript problem
     - :ref:`Custom JavaScript`
     - Custom JavaScript display and grading problems (also called *custom
       JavaScript problems* or *JS Input problems*) allow you to create a
       custom problem or tool that uses JavaScript and then add the problem or
       tool directly into Studio.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/external-grader-correct.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example external grader
     - :ref:`External Grader`
     - An external grader is a service that receives student responses to a
       problem, processes those responses, and returns feedback and a problem
       grade to the edX platform. You build and deploy an external grader
       separately from the edX platform. An external grader is particularly
       useful for software programming courses where students are asked to
       submit complex code.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/google-calendar.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Calendar
     - :ref:`Google Calendar Tool`
     - You can embed a Google calendar in your course so that students see the
       calendar in the courseware. You can use a Google calendar to share quiz
       dates, office hours, or other schedules of interest to students.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/google-spreadsheet.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Drive Files Tool
     - :ref:`Google Drive Files Tool`
     - You can embed a Google Drive file, such as a document, spreadsheet, or
       image, in your course so that students see the file in the courseware.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/GoogleHangout_WithPeople.png   
          :width: 100
          :alt: Google Hangout
     - :ref:`Google Instant Hangout`
     - You can add the ability for students to participate in instant hangouts
       directly from your course. With instant hangouts, students can interact
       through live video and voice, share screens and watch videos together,
       and collaborate on documents.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/IFrame_1.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example IFrame tool
     - :ref:`IFrame`
     - IFrames allow you to integrate ungraded exercises and tools from any
       Internet site into an HTML component in your course.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/LTIExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example LTI component
     - :ref:`LTI Component`
     - LTI components allow you to add an external learning application or non-PDF textbook to Studio.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PA_QandRField.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example open response assessment
     - :ref:`Open Response Assessments 2`
     - In open response assessments, students receive feedback on written
       responses of varying lengths as well as image files that the students
       upload. Open response assessments include self assessment and peer
       assessment.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/PollExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example poll
     - :ref:`Poll`
     - You can run polls in your course so that your students can share
       opinions on different questions.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProblemWithAdaptiveHintExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example problem with adaptive hint
     - :ref:`Problem with Adaptive Hint`
     - A problem with an adaptive hint evaluates a student's response, then
       gives the student feedback or a hint based on that response so that the
       student is more likely to answer correctly on the next attempt. These
       problems can be text input or multiple choice problems.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProblemWrittenInLaTeX.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example problem written in LaTeX
     - :ref:`Problem Written in LaTeX`
     - If you have an problem that is already written in LaTeX, you can use
       this problem type to easily convert your code into XML.
   * - .. image:: /Images/StudentNotes.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Image of student notes in a course
     - :ref:`Student Notes Tool`
     - With student notes, students can make notes about what they read and
       highlight passages in the course content.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/TextInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example text input problem
     - :ref:`Text Input`
     - In text input problems, students enter text into a response field. The
       response can include numbers, letters, and special characters such as
       punctuation marks.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/WordCloudExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example word cloud
     - :ref:`Word Cloud`
     - Word clouds arrange text that students enter - for example, in response
       to a question - into a colorful graphic that students can see.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CustomPythonExample.png  
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example write-your-own-grader problem
     - :ref:`Write Your Own Grader`
     - In custom Python-evaluated input (also called "write-your-own-grader")
       problems, the grader uses a Python script that you create and embed in
       the problem to evaluates a student's response or provide hints. These
       problems can be any type.


********************************
Image-Based Exercises and Tools
********************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/DragAndDropProblem.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example drag and drop problem
     - :ref:`Drag and Drop`
     - In drag and drop problems, students respond to a question by dragging
       text or objects to a specific location on an image.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/image-modal.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example full screen image tool
     - :ref:`Full Screen Image`
     - The Full Screen Image tool allows a student to enlarge an image in the
       whole browser window. This is useful when the image contains a large
       amount of detail and text that is easier to view in context when
       enlarged.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ImageMappedInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example image mapped input problem
     - :ref:`Image Mapped Input`
     - In an image mapped input problem, students click inside a defined area
       in an image. You define this area by including coordinates in the body
       of the problem.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Zooming_Image.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example zooming image tool
     - :ref:`Zooming Image`
     - Zooming images allow you to enlarge sections of an image so that
       students can see the section in detail.

************************************
Multiple Choice Exercises and Tools
************************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CheckboxExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example checkbox problem
     - :ref:`Checkbox`
     - In checkbox problems, the student selects one or more options from a
       list of possible answers. The student must select all the options that
       apply to answer the problem correctly.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/DropdownExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example dropdown problem
     - :ref:`Dropdown`
     - Dropdown problems allow the student to choose from a collection of
       answer options, presented as a dropdown list. Unlike multiple choice
       problems, whose answers are always visible directly below the question,
       dropdown problems don't show answer choices until the student clicks the
       dropdown arrow.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MultipleChoiceExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example multiple choice problem
     - :ref:`Multiple Choice`
     - In multiple choice problems, students select one option from a list of
       answer options. Unlike with dropdown problems, whose answer choices
       don't appear until the student clicks the drop-down arrow, answer
       choices for multiple choice problems are always visible directly below
       the question.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MultipleChoice_NumericalInput.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example multiple choice and numerical input problem
     - :ref:`Multiple Choice and Numerical Input`
     - You can create a problem that combines a multiple choice and numerical
       input problems. Students not only select a response from options that
       you provide, but also provide more specific information, if necessary.

********************************
STEM Exercises and Tools
********************************

.. list-table::
   :widths: 30 25 80

   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ChemicalEquationExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example chemical equation problem
     - :ref:`Chemical Equation`
     - Chemical equation problems allow the student to enter text that
       represents a chemical equation into a text box. The grader evaluates the
       student's response by using a Python script that you create and embed in
       the problem.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/CircuitSchematicExample_short.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example circuit schematic builder problem
     - :ref:`Circuit Schematic Builder`
     - In circuit schematic builder problems, students can arrange circuit
       elements such as voltage sources, capacitors, resistors, and MOSFETs on
       an interactive grid. They then submit a DC, AC, or transient analysis of
       their circuit to the system for grading.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/GeneExplorer.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example gene explorer problem
     - :ref:`Gene Explorer`
     - The Gene Explorer (GeneX) simulates the transcription, splicing,
       processing, and translation of a small hypothetical eukaryotic gene.
       GeneX allows students to make specific mutations in a gene sequence, and
       it then calculates and displays the effects of the mutations on the mRNA
       and protein.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MathExpressionInputExample.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example math expression input problem
     - :ref:`Math Expression Input`
     - The more complex of Studio's two types of math problems. In math
       expression input problems, students enter mathematical expressions to
       answer a question. These problems can include unknown variables and more
       complex symbolic expressions. You can specify a correct answer either
       explicitly or by using a Python script.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Molecule_Editor.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example molecule editor problem
     - :ref:`Molecule Editor`
     - The molecule editor allows students to draw molecules that follow the
       rules for covalent bond formation and formal charge, even if the
       molecules are chemically impossible, are unstable, or do not exist in
       living systems.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/MoleculeViewer.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example molecule viewer tool
     - :ref:`Molecule Viewer`
     - The molecule viewer allows you to create three-dimensional representations of molecules for students to view.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/image292.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example numerical input problem
     - :ref:`Numerical Input`
     - The simpler of Studio's two types of math problems. In numerical input
       problems, students enter numbers or specific and relatively simple
       mathematical expressions to answer a question. These problems only allow
       integers and a few select constants. You can specify a margin of error,
       and you can specify a correct answer either explicitly or by using a
       Python script.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Periodic_Table.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example periodic table problem
     - :ref:`Periodic Table`
     - An interactive periodic table of the elements shows detailed information
       about each element as the student moves the mouse over the element.
   * - .. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/ProteinBuilder.png
          :width: 100
          :alt: Example protein builder problem
     - :ref:`Protein Builder`
     - The Protex protein builder asks students to create specified protein
       shapes by stringing together amino acids.
