en_us/course_authors/source/creating_content/libraries.rst, before:

.. _Content Libraries:

##############################
Working with Content Libraries 
##############################


.. _ Content Libraries Overview:

**************************
Content Libraries Overview
**************************

In Studio, if you have course creation privileges, you can create a content
library to build a pool of components that can be used in randomized assignments
in your courses. You can add HTML components, problems, and video components to
a library. Peer assessment and discussion components are not supported in
content libraries.

.. note:: Content libraries are available only for courses whose course
   identifiers are in this format: ``{key type}:{org}+{course}+{run}``. For
   example, ``course-v1:edX+DemoX+Demo_2015``.

After creating a library and adding components to it, if you have :ref:`enabled
content libraries<Enable Content Libraries>` in your course, you can use these
library components in randomized assignments in your course. You do this by
adding a randomized content block to a course unit and indicating one or more
libraries from which the randomized content is to drawn, as well as the number
and type of problems that each student is assigned. If you specify more than one
library from which to randomly draw components for the randomized assignment,
the content from all specified libraries is combined before the random selection
is made.

Libraries have separate users and levels of access from courses. Initially, only
the person who created the library has access. She can add other users to the
library. For details, see :ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`. The
libraries that you create or have access to are listed on the **Libraries** tab
on the Studio Home page.

See the following sections for details about creating and managing content
libraries.

* :ref:`Enable Content Libraries`
* :ref:`Create a New Library`
* :ref:`Add Components to a Library`
* :ref:`View the Contents of a Library`
* :ref:`Edit Components in a Library`
* :ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`

See the following sections for details about using content library components in
a course.

* :ref:`Use Components from Libraries in a Course`
* :ref:`Add a Randomized Content Block to Your Course`
* :ref:`View the Matching Components in a Randomized Content Block`
* :ref:`Edit Components in Randomized Content Blocks`
* :ref:`Get the Latest Version of Library Content`


.. _Create a New Library:

********************
Create a New Library
********************

Use :ref:`content libraries<Content Libraries>` to build a pool of components
that can be used in randomized assignments in your courses. You can create
content libraries if you have course creation privileges.

For information about adding other users to a library after you create it, see
:ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`.

To create a new content library, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio. 
   
#. Click **New Library**. 
#. Enter the required information for your new library, then click **Create**.

   .. note:: Enter new library information carefully. The values in these
      fields become part of the URL for your library, therefore the total number
      of characters in the **Library Name**, **Organization**, and **Library
      Code** fields must be 65 or fewer.

   .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibrary_NewCL.png
      :alt: Image of the library creation page


  * For **Library Name**, enter the public display name for your library. Choose
    a meaningful name that will help you and other course team members to
    identify the contents of the library. For example, "Level 200 Math
    Problems".

  * For **Organization**, enter the identifier for your university. For
    example, enter HarvardX or MITx. Do not include spaces or special
    characters.

  * For **Library Code**, enter an identifier for your library that is unique
    within your organization. This code becomes part of the URL for your
    library, so do not include spaces or special characters in the code.


4. Click **Create**.

You see the new library, to which you can now add components. For details about
adding components to a library, see :ref:`Add Components to a Library`.

The system-generated Library ID for the new library appears in the sidebar.

  .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibraryID.png
     :alt: The Library ID for the new library is shown the sidebar

.. note:: Copy or make a note of the Library ID for the new library. When you
   add a randomized content block to a course unit, you use the Library ID to
   specify this library as a source for the randomized content.


.. _Edit a Library:

**************
Edit a Library
**************

After you create a library, the only change you can make to the initial library
information is to the name. However, at any time, you can make changes to the
components in your library, including adding or deleting components or editing
the settings of components. For details about editing the contents of a library,
see :ref:`Edit Components in a Library` and :ref:`Add Components to a Library`.


To change the name of a library, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library whose name you want to edit.
   
#. Click the **Edit** icon next to the library name. 
   
   The library name field becomes editable.
   
  .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibrary_EditName.png
     :alt: The Edit icon to the right of the Library Name

4.  In the library name field, make edits or enter a new library name.
#. Click anywhere outside the library name field to save your changes.


For details about giving other users access to the library, see :ref:`Give Other
Users Access to Your Library`.


.. _Add Components to a Library:

****************************
Add Components to a Library
****************************

To add new :ref:`components<What is a Component>` to your library, follow these
steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library that you want to add components to.

#. Click **Add Component**, then click the component type that you want to add
   under **Add New Component**.

For more information about the types of components you can add to a library, see
these topics.

* :ref:`Working with HTML Components`
* :ref:`Working with Problem Components`
* :ref:`Working with Video Components`

After you add a component to a library, you can edit its settings. These
settings are retained when the component is selected from the library and used
in a course.

When a component from the library is used in a randomized content block, you can
further edit the component as it exists in the unit, without affecting the
original version in the library. For details, refer to :ref:`Edit Components in
a Library` and :ref:`Get the Latest Version of Library Content`.


.. _View the Contents of a Library:

******************************
View the Contents of a Library
******************************

To view the entire contents of a library in Studio, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library whose components you want to
   view.

The components in the library display in the order in which they were added,
with the most recently added at the bottom. If your library has more than 10
components, additional components are shown on other pages.

The range of the components shown on the current page, and the total number of
components, are shown at the top of the page.

You can navigate through the pages in these ways:

* Use the **<** and **>** buttons at the top and bottom of the list to navigate
  to the previous and next pages.

* At the bottom of the page, you can edit the first number in the page range.
  Click the number to place your cursor in the field, then enter the page number
  you want to jump to.

  .. image:: ../Images/file_pagination.png
     :alt: Image showing a pair of page numbers with the first number circled

To view the list of matching components in the library, see :ref:`View the Matching Components in a Randomized Content Block`.

To view the randomized content as a student would see it, see :ref:`View the
Randomized Content as a Student`.


.. _Edit Components in a Library:

****************************
Edit Components in a Library
****************************

After you have added components to a content library, you can edit, duplicate,
or delete them. 

For step-by-step instructions for editing, duplicating, or
deleting components, refer to the following topics:

* :ref:`Edit a Component`
* :ref:`Duplicate a Component`
* :ref:`Delete a Component`

.. note:: If you modify components in your library that are in use in a course,
   these updates in the "source" library are not reflected in the course unless
   you manually update the randomized content block in the course unit. For
   details about updating library components used in your course to match the
   latest version in the content library, see :ref:`Get the Latest Version of
   Library Content`.


.. _Delete a Library:

*****************
Delete a Library
*****************

You cannot delete a library. Instead, you can discontinue use of an unwanted
library. To do so, first make sure that none of its components are in use in any
courses, then delete all components in the library. You can also :ref:`edit the
name of the library<Edit a Library>` to make it clear to other course staff that
the library should not be used as a source of randomized assignment content in
courses.

For details about deleting components in a library, see :ref:`Edit Components in
a Library`.


.. _Give Other Users Access to Your Library:

***************************************
Give Other Users Access to Your Library
***************************************

When you create a library, you are automatically assigned an Admin role in that
library.

You can give other Studio users access to your library. Depending on the level
of access  that you give them in the library, additional library users can view
and use library content in courses, edit library content, or add and manage
other library users. All users to whom you give library access must be
registered with Studio and have an active account.

These are the levels of access for libraries:

* **User** -- Users can view library content and can use library components in
  their courses, but they cannot edit the contents of a library.

* **Staff** -- Staff can use library components in their courses. In addition,
  as content co-authors, they have full editing privileges in a library.

* **Admin** -- Admins have full editing privileges for a library. In addition,
  they can add and remove other team members from library access. There must be at
  least one user with Admin privileges in a library.

.. note:: The levels of access for libraries are hierarchical. You can add new
   library members only with the **User** level of access, after which you can
   give them the **Staff** level of access. You can give the **Admin** level of
   access only to people who already have the **Staff** level of access.


=========================
Add a User to the Library
=========================

To grant a user initial **User** access to a library, follow these steps.

.. note:: Only library users with the **Admin** level of access can add users to
   the library.

#. Ensure that the new library member has an active Studio account.   
#. On the Studio home page, click the **Libraries** tab and locate the library
   to which you are adding this user.
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**.
#. On the **User Access** page, click **Add a New User**.
#. Enter the new user's email address, then click **ADD USER**.
   
   The new user is added to the list of library members with the **User** level
   of access.


==============================
Remove a User from the Library
==============================

You can remove users from the library at any time, regardless of the level of
access that they have.

To remove a user from the library, follow these steps.

#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user that you want to remove.
#. Hover over the user's box and click the trash can icon.
    
  You are prompted to confirm the deletion.

5. Click **Delete**. 

  The user is removed from the library. 


=========================
Add Staff or Admin Access
=========================

The levels of access for libraries are hierarchical. You can add new library
members only with the **User** level of access, after which you can give them
the **Staff** level of access. You can give the **Admin** level of access only
to people who already have the **Staff** level of access.

To give a library member a higher level of access to the library, follow these
steps.


#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user to whom you are giving
   additional privileges. 

  - If he currently has **User** access, click **Add Staff Access**.  
  - If he currently has **Staff** access, click **Add Admin Access**.

  The user's display listing is updated to indicate the new level of access. In
  addition, their listing now includes a button to remove their current level of
  access and move them back to their previous level of access. For details about
  reducing a user's level of access to a library, see :ref:`Remove Staff or
  Admin Access`.


.. _Remove Staff or Admin Access:

============================
Remove Staff or Admin Access
============================

After you have granted users **Staff** or **Admin** access, you (or other
**Admin** library users) can reduce their levels of access.

To remove **Staff** or **Admin** access from a library user, follow these steps.

#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user whose access level you are
   changing. 

   - If she currently has **Staff** access, click **Remove Staff Access**. 
   - If she currently has **Admin** access, click **Remove Admin Access**.

   The user's display listing is updated to indicate their new role. 

.. note:: There must always be at least one Admin for a library. If there is
   only one user with the Admin role, you cannot remove him or her from the
   Admin role unless you first assign another user to the Admin role.

Commit message:

Add course ID details and link to them

en_us/course_authors/source/creating_content/libraries.rst, after:

.. _Content Libraries:

##############################
Working with Content Libraries 
##############################


.. _ Content Libraries Overview:

**************************
Content Libraries Overview
**************************

In Studio, if you have course creation privileges, you can create a content
library to build a pool of components that can be used in randomized assignments
in your courses. You can add HTML components, problems, and video components to
a library. Peer assessment and discussion components are not supported in
content libraries.

.. note:: Content libraries are available only for courses that have course
   identifiers in this format: ``{key type}:{org}+{course}+{run}``. For example, ``course-v1:edX+DemoX+Demo_2015``. Your course identifier appears in the  browser address bar as the final part of the URL when you open your course in Studio. For more details, see :ref:`Create a New Course`.

After creating a library and adding components to it, if you have :ref:`enabled
content libraries<Enable Content Libraries>` in your course, you can use these
library components in randomized assignments in your course. You do this by
adding a randomized content block to a course unit and indicating one or more
libraries from which the randomized content is to drawn, as well as the number
and type of problems that each student is assigned. If you specify more than one
library from which to randomly draw components for the randomized assignment,
the content from all specified libraries is combined before the random selection
is made.

Libraries have separate users and levels of access from courses. Initially, only
the person who created the library has access. She can add other users to the
library. For details, see :ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`. The
libraries that you create or have access to are listed on the **Libraries** tab
on the Studio Home page.

See the following sections for details about creating and managing content
libraries.

* :ref:`Enable Content Libraries`
* :ref:`Create a New Library`
* :ref:`Add Components to a Library`
* :ref:`View the Contents of a Library`
* :ref:`Edit Components in a Library`
* :ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`

See the following sections for details about using content library components in
a course.

* :ref:`Use Components from Libraries in a Course`
* :ref:`Add a Randomized Content Block to Your Course`
* :ref:`View the Matching Components in a Randomized Content Block`
* :ref:`Edit Components in Randomized Content Blocks`
* :ref:`Get the Latest Version of Library Content`


.. _Create a New Library:

********************
Create a New Library
********************

Use :ref:`content libraries<Content Libraries>` to build a pool of components
that can be used in randomized assignments in your courses. You can create
content libraries if you have course creation privileges.

For information about adding other users to a library after you create it, see
:ref:`Give Other Users Access to Your Library`.

To create a new content library, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio. 
   
#. Click **New Library**. 
#. Enter the required information for your new library, then click **Create**.

   .. note:: Enter new library information carefully. The values in these
      fields become part of the URL for your library, therefore the total number
      of characters in the **Library Name**, **Organization**, and **Library
      Code** fields must be 65 or fewer.

   .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibrary_NewCL.png
      :alt: Image of the library creation page


  * For **Library Name**, enter the public display name for your library. Choose
    a meaningful name that will help you and other course team members to
    identify the contents of the library. For example, "Level 200 Math
    Problems".

  * For **Organization**, enter the identifier for your university. For
    example, enter HarvardX or MITx. Do not include spaces or special
    characters.

  * For **Library Code**, enter an identifier for your library that is unique
    within your organization. This code becomes part of the URL for your
    library, so do not include spaces or special characters in the code.


4. Click **Create**.

You see the new library, to which you can now add components. For details about
adding components to a library, see :ref:`Add Components to a Library`.

The system-generated Library ID for the new library appears in the sidebar.

  .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibraryID.png
     :alt: The Library ID for the new library is shown the sidebar

.. note:: Copy or make a note of the Library ID for the new library. When you
   add a randomized content block to a course unit, you use the Library ID to
   specify this library as a source for the randomized content.


.. _Edit a Library:

**************
Edit a Library
**************

After you create a library, the only change you can make to the initial library
information is to the name. However, at any time, you can make changes to the
components in your library, including adding or deleting components or editing
the settings of components. For details about editing the contents of a library,
see :ref:`Edit Components in a Library` and :ref:`Add Components to a Library`.


To change the name of a library, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library whose name you want to edit.
   
#. Click the **Edit** icon next to the library name. 
   
   The library name field becomes editable.
   
  .. image:: ../Images/ContentLibrary_EditName.png
     :alt: The Edit icon to the right of the Library Name

4.  In the library name field, make edits or enter a new library name.
#. Click anywhere outside the library name field to save your changes.


For details about giving other users access to the library, see :ref:`Give Other
Users Access to Your Library`.


.. _Add Components to a Library:

****************************
Add Components to a Library
****************************

To add new :ref:`components<What is a Component>` to your library, follow these
steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library that you want to add components to.

#. Click **Add Component**, then click the component type that you want to add
   under **Add New Component**.

For more information about the types of components you can add to a library, see
these topics.

* :ref:`Working with HTML Components`
* :ref:`Working with Problem Components`
* :ref:`Working with Video Components`

After you add a component to a library, you can edit its settings. These
settings are retained when the component is selected from the library and used
in a course.

When a component from the library is used in a randomized content block, you can
further edit the component as it exists in the unit, without affecting the
original version in the library. For details, refer to :ref:`Edit Components in
a Library` and :ref:`Get the Latest Version of Library Content`.


.. _View the Contents of a Library:

******************************
View the Contents of a Library
******************************

To view the entire contents of a library in Studio, follow these steps.

#. Log in to Studio.
#. Click **Libraries**, then click the library whose components you want to
   view.

The components in the library display in the order in which they were added,
with the most recently added at the bottom. If your library has more than 10
components, additional components are shown on other pages.

The range of the components shown on the current page, and the total number of
components, are shown at the top of the page.

You can navigate through the pages in these ways:

* Use the **<** and **>** buttons at the top and bottom of the list to navigate
  to the previous and next pages.

* At the bottom of the page, you can edit the first number in the page range.
  Click the number to place your cursor in the field, then enter the page number
  you want to jump to.

  .. image:: ../Images/file_pagination.png
     :alt: Image showing a pair of page numbers with the first number circled

To view the list of matching components in the library, see :ref:`View the Matching Components in a Randomized Content Block`.

To view the randomized content as a student would see it, see :ref:`View the
Randomized Content as a Student`.


.. _Edit Components in a Library:

****************************
Edit Components in a Library
****************************

After you have added components to a content library, you can edit, duplicate,
or delete them. 

For step-by-step instructions for editing, duplicating, or
deleting components, refer to the following topics:

* :ref:`Edit a Component`
* :ref:`Duplicate a Component`
* :ref:`Delete a Component`

.. note:: If you modify components in your library that are in use in a course,
   these updates in the "source" library are not reflected in the course unless
   you manually update the randomized content block in the course unit. For
   details about updating library components used in your course to match the
   latest version in the content library, see :ref:`Get the Latest Version of
   Library Content`.


.. _Delete a Library:

*****************
Delete a Library
*****************

You cannot delete a library. Instead, you can discontinue use of an unwanted
library. To do so, first make sure that none of its components are in use in any
courses, then delete all components in the library. You can also :ref:`edit the
name of the library<Edit a Library>` to make it clear to other course staff that
the library should not be used as a source of randomized assignment content in
courses.

For details about deleting components in a library, see :ref:`Edit Components in
a Library`.


.. _Give Other Users Access to Your Library:

***************************************
Give Other Users Access to Your Library
***************************************

When you create a library, you are automatically assigned an Admin role in that
library.

You can give other Studio users access to your library. Depending on the level
of access  that you give them in the library, additional library users can view
and use library content in courses, edit library content, or add and manage
other library users. All users to whom you give library access must be
registered with Studio and have an active account.

These are the levels of access for libraries:

* **User** -- Users can view library content and can use library components in
  their courses, but they cannot edit the contents of a library.

* **Staff** -- Staff can use library components in their courses. In addition,
  as content co-authors, they have full editing privileges in a library.

* **Admin** -- Admins have full editing privileges for a library. In addition,
  they can add and remove other team members from library access. There must be at
  least one user with Admin privileges in a library.

.. note:: The levels of access for libraries are hierarchical. You can add new
   library members only with the **User** level of access, after which you can
   give them the **Staff** level of access. You can give the **Admin** level of
   access only to people who already have the **Staff** level of access.


=========================
Add a User to the Library
=========================

To grant a user initial **User** access to a library, follow these steps.

.. note:: Only library users with the **Admin** level of access can add users to
   the library.

#. Ensure that the new library member has an active Studio account.   
#. On the Studio home page, click the **Libraries** tab and locate the library
   to which you are adding this user.
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**.
#. On the **User Access** page, click **Add a New User**.
#. Enter the new user's email address, then click **ADD USER**.
   
   The new user is added to the list of library members with the **User** level
   of access.


==============================
Remove a User from the Library
==============================

You can remove users from the library at any time, regardless of the level of
access that they have.

To remove a user from the library, follow these steps.

#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user that you want to remove.
#. Hover over the user's box and click the trash can icon.
    
  You are prompted to confirm the deletion.

5. Click **Delete**. 

  The user is removed from the library. 


=========================
Add Staff or Admin Access
=========================

The levels of access for libraries are hierarchical. You can add new library
members only with the **User** level of access, after which you can give them
the **Staff** level of access. You can give the **Admin** level of access only
to people who already have the **Staff** level of access.

To give a library member a higher level of access to the library, follow these
steps.


#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user to whom you are giving
   additional privileges. 

  - If he currently has **User** access, click **Add Staff Access**.  
  - If he currently has **Staff** access, click **Add Admin Access**.

  The user's display listing is updated to indicate the new level of access. In
  addition, their listing now includes a button to remove their current level of
  access and move them back to their previous level of access. For details about
  reducing a user's level of access to a library, see :ref:`Remove Staff or
  Admin Access`.


.. _Remove Staff or Admin Access:

============================
Remove Staff or Admin Access
============================

After you have granted users **Staff** or **Admin** access, you (or other
**Admin** library users) can reduce their levels of access.

To remove **Staff** or **Admin** access from a library user, follow these steps.

#. In Studio, click the **Libraries** tab and locate your library. 
#. From the **Settings** menu select **User Access**. 
   
#. On the **User Access** page, locate the user whose access level you are
   changing. 

   - If she currently has **Staff** access, click **Remove Staff Access**. 
   - If she currently has **Admin** access, click **Remove Admin Access**.

   The user's display listing is updated to indicate their new role. 

.. note:: There must always be at least one Admin for a library. If there is
   only one user with the Admin role, you cannot remove him or her from the
   Admin role unless you first assign another user to the Admin role.
