en_us/shared/building_and_running_chapters/cohorts/cohorted_courseware.rst, before:

.. _Cohorted Courseware Overview:


###################################
Creating Cohort-Specific Courseware
###################################

If you have :ref:`cohorts enabled<Enabling and Configuring Cohorts>` in your
course, you can create different course experiences for students in different
cohorts. 

You can design your course so that some students are given different content
than others. You do this by creating :ref:`content groups<About Content Groups>`
in Studio, and designating specific components in your course as visible only to
one or more content groups. Then, if you associate one or more cohorts with a
content group, only the students in cohorts associated with that content group
can see course content that you have designated for it.

For more details about content groups, see :ref:`About Content Groups`. For an
example of cohort-specific course content, see :ref:`Cohorted Courseware
Example`.


Complete these steps to create cohort-specific content in your course.

In Studio:

#. :ref:`Enable cohorts in your course<Enabling and Configuring Cohorts>`.
#. :ref:`Create content groups<Creating Content Groups>`. 
#. :ref:`Specify components in courseware as visible only to particular content
   groups<Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content
   Groups>`.
     
In the LMS: 

#. :ref:`Assign students to cohorts<Options for Assigning Students to Cohorts>`.  
#. :ref:`Associate one or more cohorts with a content group<Associate Cohorts
   with Content Groups>`.
#. :ref:`Preview cohort-specific courseware<Preview Cohort Specific Courseware>`.


.. _Cohorted Courseware Example:

***********************************
Example: Cohort-Specific Courseware
***********************************

Suppose that you create two :ref:`cohorts<Cohorts Overview>` in your course:
University Alumni and Current University Students. Students who are not in
either of these cohorts are automatically placed into a third cohort, the
default cohort, when they access the courseware or discussion tabs in the
course. For more information about enabling cohorts in your course and assigning
students to cohorts, see :ref:`Enabling and Configuring Cohorts`.

You intend all students to have substantially the same course experience, with
the exception that only students in the two university-related cohorts will
receive content that is specific to your university and therefore only of
interest to them.

At the end of every section, you intend to include a video message from various
university officials, including the university president and the dean of your
college. These videos will be shown only to students in the university and
alumni cohorts. Also at the end of each section, you intend to include a quiz to
test knowledge of the concepts taught in that section. The quiz will be shown to
all students enrolled in the course.

To achieve this, on the **Group Configurations** page in Studio you create one
content group called "University-Specific Content". In the Instructor Dashboard,
on the **Membership** tab, you associate both the "University Alumni" and the
"Current University Students" cohorts with the "University-Specific Content"
content group.

Then, in your course outline, you change the visibility settings for the video
component at the end of each section so that it is visible only to the
"University-Specific Content" content group. You do not need to edit the
visibility settings of the quiz component, because if no content group is
specified in a component's visibility settings, it is visible to all students.

As a final step, you preview the course in the LMS to ensure that students see
the content that is intended for them. You confirm that when you view the course
in the role of **Student** (in other words, any student not in a content group),
you see a quiz at the end of each section, but do not see the university-related
videos. When you view the course as a student in the "University-Specific
Content" group, you see a university-related video as well as the quiz at the
end of each section.


.. _About Content Groups:

**************
Content Groups
**************

Content groups are virtual groupings of students who will see a particular set
of course content. You can use content groups to designate specific course
content as visible to particular :ref:`cohorts<Cohorts Overview>` of students. 

You create content groups in Studio, and in your course outline you use the
**Visibility Settings** to designate whether a component is selectively visible
only to one or more content groups. Any course components that do not have an
explicitly restricted visibility setting remain visible to all students,
regardless of their cohort.

Content groups do not have an actual impact on the visibility of a course
component until you associate them with one or more cohorts. If you have
designated certain course content as visible to a content group, and in addition
have associated that content group with one or more cohorts, then those cohorts
will see the designated content.

For an example of using content groups to create cohort-specific courseware, see
:ref:`Cohorted Courseware Example`.


.. _Creating Content Groups:

*********************
Create Content Groups
*********************

#. In Studio, select **Settings**, then select **Group Configurations**.
 
#. On the **Group Configurations** page, click **New content group**.
   
.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_AddContentGroup.png
 :width: 600
 :alt: Button on Group Configurations page for adding first content group

3. Enter a meaningful name for the content group, then click **Create**.
   The page refreshes to show the name of your new content group.
#. Repeat this step to create as many content groups as you want.

After you create a content group, you can work with your course outline to
specify which components are visible to specific content groups. For details,
see :ref:`Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content
Groups`.

On the Instructor Dashboard, you associate each content group with one or more
cohorts. For details, see :ref:`Associate Cohorts with Content Groups`.

.. note:: Once a content group is created, you cannot delete it. You can remove
   the association between a content group and its cohorts by changing the
   association to **Not Selected**.


.. _Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content Groups:

*****************************************************************************
Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Particular Content Groups
*****************************************************************************

After you create at least one content group, you can edit your course in Studio
and modify the visibility settings of components that you want to make visible
only to particular content groups.

.. note:: You do not need to edit the visibility settings of components that are
   intended for all students. Components that you do not explicitly indicate as
   visible to a group are visible to all students enrolled in your course,
   regardless of the cohort that they belong to.

You can specify content as visible to content groups only at the component level
in a unit. You cannot specify entire units, subsections, or sections for
visibility to content groups.

In a separate task, you create cohorts and associate content groups with
cohorts. Then, only the cohorts associated with content groups which you
selected in a component's visibility settings can view the component. See
:ref:`Associate Cohorts with Content Groups` for details about associating
cohorts with content groups.

To specify components as visible only to particular content groups, follow these
steps.

#. In Studio, select **Content**, then select **Outline**. 
   
#. For each component that you want to make visible only to a particular
   content group or groups, click the unit name, then click the **Visibility
   Settings** icon.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_VisibilitySettingInUnit.png
  :alt: Screen capture of unit in course outline with visibility setting icon highlighted 

3. In the **Editing visibility** dialog, select **Specific Content Groups**,
   then select the checkbox for each content group for which you want the current
   component to be visible.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_EditVisibility.png
  :width: 400
  :alt: Screen capture of unit in course outline with visibility setting icon highlighted 

4. Click **Save**.

The **Visibility Settings** icon for the component is now black, and the
publishing details for the course section in the sidebar refresh to indicate
that some content is visible only to particular groups.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_VisibilitySomeGroup.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_OnlyVisibleToParticularGroups.png   
   :alt: Course outline sidebar shows visibility icon and note indicating that some content in the unit is visible only to particular group.

For details about previewing your course to ensure that students in a cohort
correctly see the content intended for them, see :ref:`Preview Cohort Specific
Courseware`.

.. note:: In addition to visibility settings for content groups, a student's
   ability to see a course component also depends on whether it is hidden from
   students, whether the unit is published, and the course's release date. For
   details about previewing courseware in general, see :ref:`Preview Course
   Content`.

.. _Associate Cohorts with Content Groups:

*************************************
Associate Cohorts with Content Groups
*************************************

After you create a content group, you can associate it with one or more cohorts
with which you want to share the same special content in your course.

.. note:: A content group can be associated with more than one cohort; a cohort
   cannot be associated with more than one content group.

To associate a cohort with a content group, follow these steps:

#. In the LMS, select **Instructor**, then select **Membership**. 
   
#. Scroll to the **Cohort Management** section at the bottom.

#. From the drop down list, select the cohort to which you want to associate
   your content group.
   
#. Click the **Settings** tab for the selected cohort.

#. Under **Associated Content Group**, choose the **Select a Content Group** option.

#. From the drop down list, select the content group that you want your cohort
   to be associated with.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_AssociateWithContentGroup.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted

7. Click **Save**.
   
   You have now associated your content group with a cohort. Any course content
   that you :ref:`designate as visible to that content group<Specify Components
   in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content Groups>` is visible to
   students in the associated cohort or cohorts.

You can associate additional cohorts with the same or a different content group
by repeating steps 3 to 7.

For an example of using content groups to create cohort-specific courseware, see
:ref:`Cohorted Courseware Example`.


.. _Preview Cohort Specific Courseware:

*************************************
Preview Cohort-Specific Courseware
*************************************

After you designate components in your course as being visible only to certain
content groups, you can preview your courseware to ensure that each group
correctly sees the content intended for them.

.. note:: In addition to visibility settings for content groups, a student's
   ability to see a course component also depends on whether it is hidden from
   students, whether the unit is published, and the course's release date. For
   details about previewing courseware in general, see :ref:`Preview Course
   Content`.

You can view the course as a member of these groups:


.. list-table::
    :widths: 15 30
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Role
      - When You "View As" This Role
    * - Staff
      - You see all content in the course, including content
        that is hidden from students.
    * - Student
      - You see any content that is intended for all
        students.
    * - Student in <Content Group Name>            
      - You see content that is intended for all students, as well
        as any content specifically set to be visible to this content group.

#. In Studio, in the course outline, click **Preview Changes**. You see your
   course section in the **Courseware** section of the LMS.

#. In the navigation bar at the top of the page, select one of the options in
   the **View this course as** drop down list, as described in the table above.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_ViewCourseAs.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted


The course view refreshes and the content is presented as a member of the
selected content group would see it.

After your course is live, you can also see the live version as a student would
see it, by clicking **View Live** from Studio. For more information, see
:ref:`View Your Live Course`.

Commit message:

Add procedure Delete Content Groups

en_us/shared/building_and_running_chapters/cohorts/cohorted_courseware.rst, after:

.. _Cohorted Courseware Overview:


###################################
Creating Cohort-Specific Courseware
###################################

If you have :ref:`cohorts enabled<Enabling and Configuring Cohorts>` in your
course, you can create different course experiences for students in different
cohorts. 

You can design your course so that some students are given different content
than others. You do this by creating :ref:`content groups<About Content Groups>`
in Studio, and designating specific components in your course as visible only to
one or more content groups. Then, if you associate one or more cohorts with a
content group, only the students in cohorts associated with that content group
can see course content that you have designated for it.

For more details about content groups, see :ref:`About Content Groups`. For an
example of cohort-specific course content, see :ref:`Cohorted Courseware
Example`.


Complete these steps to create cohort-specific content in your course.

In Studio:

#. :ref:`Enable cohorts in your course<Enabling and Configuring Cohorts>`.
#. :ref:`Create content groups<Creating Content Groups>`. 
#. :ref:`Specify components in courseware as visible only to particular content
   groups<Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content
   Groups>`.
     
In the LMS: 

#. :ref:`Assign students to cohorts<Options for Assigning Students to Cohorts>`.  
#. :ref:`Associate one or more cohorts with a content group<Associate Cohorts
   with Content Groups>`.
#. :ref:`Preview cohort-specific courseware<Preview Cohort Specific Courseware>`.


.. _Cohorted Courseware Example:

***********************************
Example: Cohort-Specific Courseware
***********************************

Suppose that you create two :ref:`cohorts<Cohorts Overview>` in your course:
University Alumni and Current University Students. Students who are not in
either of these cohorts are automatically placed into a third cohort, the
default cohort, when they access the courseware or discussion tabs in the
course. For more information about enabling cohorts in your course and assigning
students to cohorts, see :ref:`Enabling and Configuring Cohorts`.

You intend all students to have substantially the same course experience, with
the exception that only students in the two university-related cohorts will
receive content that is specific to your university and therefore only of
interest to them.

At the end of every section, you intend to include a video message from various
university officials, including the university president and the dean of your
college. These videos will be shown only to students in the university and
alumni cohorts. Also at the end of each section, you intend to include a quiz to
test knowledge of the concepts taught in that section. The quiz will be shown to
all students enrolled in the course.

To achieve this, on the **Group Configurations** page in Studio you create one
content group called "University-Specific Content". In the Instructor Dashboard,
on the **Membership** tab, you associate both the "University Alumni" and the
"Current University Students" cohorts with the "University-Specific Content"
content group.

Then, in your course outline, you change the visibility settings for the video
component at the end of each section so that it is visible only to the
"University-Specific Content" content group. You do not need to edit the
visibility settings of the quiz component, because if no content group is
specified in a component's visibility settings, it is visible to all students.

As a final step, you preview the course in the LMS to ensure that students see
the content that is intended for them. You confirm that when you view the course
in the role of **Student** (in other words, any student not in a content group),
you see a quiz at the end of each section, but do not see the university-related
videos. When you view the course as a student in the "University-Specific
Content" group, you see a university-related video as well as the quiz at the
end of each section.


.. _About Content Groups:

**************
Content Groups
**************

Content groups are virtual groupings of students who will see a particular set
of course content. You can use content groups to designate specific course
content as visible to particular :ref:`cohorts<Cohorts Overview>` of students. 

You create content groups in Studio, and in your course outline you use the
**Visibility Settings** to designate whether a component is selectively visible
only to one or more content groups. Any course components that do not have an
explicitly restricted visibility setting remain visible to all students,
regardless of their cohort.

Content groups do not have an actual impact on the visibility of a course
component until you associate them with one or more cohorts. If you have
designated certain course content as visible to a content group, and in addition
have associated that content group with one or more cohorts, then those cohorts
will see the designated content.

For an example of using content groups to create cohort-specific courseware, see
:ref:`Cohorted Courseware Example`.


.. _Creating Content Groups:

*********************
Create Content Groups
*********************

#. In Studio, select **Settings**, then select **Group Configurations**.
 
#. On the **Group Configurations** page, click **New content group**.
   
.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_AddContentGroup.png
 :width: 600
 :alt: Button on Group Configurations page for adding first content group

3. Enter a meaningful name for the content group, then click **Create**.
   The page refreshes to show the name of your new content group.
#. Repeat this step to create as many content groups as you want.

After you create a content group, you can work with your course outline to
specify which components are visible to specific content groups. For details,
see :ref:`Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content
Groups`.

On the Instructor Dashboard, you associate each content group with one or more
cohorts. For details, see :ref:`Associate Cohorts with Content Groups`.


*********************
Delete Content Groups
*********************

.. note:: You can delete a content group only if it is not in use in any course
   unit. To delete a content group that is currently in use, remove it from use
   in any visibility settings in a course unit before you can delete it.

#. In Studio, select **Settings**, then select **Group Configurations**.
 
#. On the **Group Configurations** page, locate the content group that you want to delete.
   
#. Hover over the content group's box, then click the **Delete** icon.

#. In the confirmation message, click **Delete** again to confirm the deletion.
   

.. _Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content Groups:

*****************************************************************************
Specify Components in Courseware as Visible Only to Particular Content Groups
*****************************************************************************

After you create at least one content group, you can edit your course in Studio
and modify the visibility settings of components that you want to make visible
only to particular content groups.

.. note:: You do not need to edit the visibility settings of components that are
   intended for all students. Components that you do not explicitly indicate as
   visible to a group are visible to all students enrolled in your course,
   regardless of the cohort that they belong to.

You can specify content as visible to content groups only at the component level
in a unit. You cannot specify entire units, subsections, or sections for
visibility to content groups.

In a separate task, you create cohorts and associate content groups with
cohorts. Then, only the cohorts associated with content groups which you
selected in a component's visibility settings can view the component. See
:ref:`Associate Cohorts with Content Groups` for details about associating
cohorts with content groups.

To specify components as visible only to particular content groups, follow these
steps.

#. In Studio, select **Content**, then select **Outline**. 
   
#. For each component that you want to make visible only to a particular
   content group or groups, click the unit name, then click the **Visibility
   Settings** icon.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_VisibilitySettingInUnit.png
  :alt: Screen capture of unit in course outline with visibility setting icon highlighted 

3. In the **Editing visibility** dialog, select **Specific Content Groups**,
   then select the checkbox for each content group for which you want the current
   component to be visible.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_EditVisibility.png
  :width: 400
  :alt: Screen capture of unit in course outline with visibility setting icon highlighted 

4. Click **Save**.

The **Visibility Settings** icon for the component is now black, and the
publishing details for the course section in the sidebar refresh to indicate
that some content is visible only to particular groups.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_VisibilitySomeGroup.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_OnlyVisibleToParticularGroups.png   
   :alt: Course outline sidebar shows visibility icon and note indicating that some content in the unit is visible only to particular group.

For details about previewing your course to ensure that students in a cohort
correctly see the content intended for them, see :ref:`Preview Cohort Specific
Courseware`.

.. note:: In addition to visibility settings for content groups, a student's
   ability to see a course component also depends on whether it is hidden from
   students, whether the unit is published, and the course's release date. For
   details about previewing courseware in general, see :ref:`Preview Course
   Content`.

.. _Associate Cohorts with Content Groups:

*************************************
Associate Cohorts with Content Groups
*************************************

After you create a content group, you can associate it with one or more cohorts
with which you want to share the same special content in your course.

.. note:: A content group can be associated with more than one cohort; a cohort
   cannot be associated with more than one content group.

To associate a cohort with a content group, follow these steps:

#. In the LMS, select **Instructor**, then select **Membership**. 
   
#. Scroll to the **Cohort Management** section at the bottom.

#. From the drop down list, select the cohort to which you want to associate
   your content group.
   
#. Click the **Settings** tab for the selected cohort.

#. Under **Associated Content Group**, choose the **Select a Content Group** option.

#. From the drop down list, select the content group that you want your cohort
   to be associated with.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_AssociateWithContentGroup.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted

7. Click **Save**.
   
   You have now associated your content group with a cohort. Any course content
   that you :ref:`designate as visible to that content group<Specify Components
   in Courseware as Visible Only to Certain Content Groups>` is visible to
   students in the associated cohort or cohorts.

You can associate additional cohorts with the same or a different content group
by repeating steps 3 to 7.

For an example of using content groups to create cohort-specific courseware, see
:ref:`Cohorted Courseware Example`.


.. _Preview Cohort Specific Courseware:

*************************************
Preview Cohort-Specific Courseware
*************************************

After you designate components in your course as being visible only to certain
content groups, you can preview your courseware to ensure that each group
correctly sees the content intended for them.

.. note:: In addition to visibility settings for content groups, a student's
   ability to see a course component also depends on whether it is hidden from
   students, whether the unit is published, and the course's release date. For
   details about previewing courseware in general, see :ref:`Preview Course
   Content`.

You can view the course as a member of these groups:


.. list-table::
    :widths: 15 30
    :header-rows: 1

    * - Role
      - When You "View As" This Role
    * - Staff
      - You see all content in the course, including content
        that is hidden from students.
    * - Student
      - You see any content that is intended for all
        students.
    * - Student in <Content Group Name>            
      - You see content that is intended for all students, as well
        as any content specifically set to be visible to this content group.

#. In Studio, in the course outline, click **Preview Changes**. You see your
   course section in the **Courseware** section of the LMS.

#. In the navigation bar at the top of the page, select one of the options in
   the **View this course as** drop down list, as described in the table above.

.. image:: ../../../shared/building_and_running_chapters/Images/Cohorts_ViewCourseAs.png
   :alt: Visibility icon is black when visibility for a component is restricted


The course view refreshes and the content is presented as a member of the
selected content group would see it.

After your course is live, you can also see the live version as a student would
see it, by clicking **View Live** from Studio. For more information, see
:ref:`View Your Live Course`.
